PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT
We, SadBin, pledge to meet fully the requirements of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. In doing so, we will ensure compliance by our staff with the strictest standards of security and confidentiality.

We understand that you care about the security of your privacy. It is therefore our prime concern to secure your privacy so that you may enjoy visiting our Website without any worry. This Privacy Policy Statement tells you about what information we would collect from you and what we would do about them and also explains our security policy.

Personal Data Collection and Use
Generally speaking, we do not collect any personal data from you and no registration is required in order to gain access to any information provided by our Website.

Like many other websites, we record your visit automatically through cookies, which are some small data structures sent to your computer to record your visit to our Website and to identify you during your future visits. These cookies may be saved permanently in your computer but they are usually harmless. You may disable these cookies but this may affect your browsing of our Website. The types of data collected by us include the browser type and version, the operating system, the IP address and the domain name of the server. This information collected from you will only be used to compile general statistics in relation to the number of visitors to our Website and also the usage of our Website. No personal data will be collected unless you explicitly provide that information to us.

However, personal data may be collected from you on a voluntary basis for some particular purposes or services. The purposes for collecting your personal data which include your name, telephone numbers, address, email address, fax numbers, credit card numbers, name of bank and expiry date, etc, are set out in the respective screens on our Website which invite you to provide your data. Refusal to supply personal data may result in SadBin being unable to process your request.

Where personal data is provided by you, we may occasionally send you some promotional materials regarding our products. If you do not wish to receive further promotional materials from us, you may consider to click "unsubscribe" on the promotion materials or send us an email 

When you send us e-mail to make any enquiries, complaints or feedback, we will record your personal data so as to carry out further actions or to do proper follow-ups.

Security of Personal Data
We do take the security of your privacy seriously. Our general policy is not to disclose any personal data to any third parties except as required by law or with your prior consent. All personal data you provided us are secured on our Website with restricted access by authorized personnel only. Our online ordering process uses SET and SSL + protocol link for data transmission so as to protect your personal data which may be of security concerns to you. We also instruct our staff of our Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure their strict compliance.

Disclosure and Sharing of Personal Data
Our general policy is to keep all personal data confidential except as permitted or required by law.

The personal data provided will be used for the specified purposes stated by us when collecting such data including without limitation processing of enrolment application, statistical purposes and other related matters. We may provide these personal data to persons authorised to process the information for purposes relating to those specified purposes only.

We do not share any personal data about you with other companies or organizations without your prior consent. However, information may be disclosed incidental to or in the course of our operation to the following parties:

any personnel, agent, adviser, auditor, contractor, or service provider who provide services and advice to us in connection with our operation
the technicians who help to design and set up our Website
the person to whom we are required to make disclosure under any law applicable in or outside Hong Kong
You should also note that as we have no control over any act of any third party, the privacy protection stated in this Privacy Policy Statement does not apply to the information which has been disclosed to any third party incidental to or in the course of our operation or in providing our services. We assume no responsibilities on the privacy protection against such third parties.

Data Retention
Personal data you provided to us will be retained for such period as may be necessary for the carrying out of the purposes referred to in this Privacy Policy Statement.

Personal Data Access and Correction
Under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, you are entitled to be informed by us whether we hold your personal data, to have access to such data and to correct such data if they are inaccurate.

Any such data access request has to be made in writing and be sent to us by mail to: hylee09.1173@gmail.com.